feat: polyfills are no longer required (#257)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/develop/01_sdk/05_troubleshoot.md

### Solution

> Your project might be using polyfills for the NodeJS built-in `Buffer`, which can cause conflicts with some polkadot-js libraries such as `@polkadot/react-identicon`. Try if upgrading the SDK and its dependencies to their latest versions allows you to drop these polyfills from your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your project might be using polyfills for the NodeJS built-in `Buffer`, which can cause conflicts with some polkadot-js libraries such as `@polkadot/react-identicon`. You can try upgrading the SDK and its dependencies to their latest versions. It's possible that upgrading will allow you to drop these polyfills from your configuration.
```
